README.md, before:

# Documentation

## Version 1
1.1: Because of lack of documentation during my progress this will be the initial launch <br>
1.2: I restructured the website to how I wanted to have the elements in <br>
1.2.1: fixed nav bar <br>
1.2.2: fixed title <br>
1.2.3: shrunk images to optimize for mobile users <br>
1.2.4: Made minor changes to the code <br>
1.3: changes to the header ad footer <br>
1.4: Added a recapcha to the forms <br>
1.4.1 through 1.4.10: recaptcha bug fix <br>
1.5: tested the idea of form uploads <br>
1.6: added meta data for seo <br>
1.7: removed file upload and updated hyper links <br>
1.7.1: updated more hyperlinks <br>
1.8: tweaked the style a bit <br>
1.9: Creation of the readme.md file (so some detales may be screwed up) <br>
1.10: added a project <br>
1.11: tested code <br>
1.12: tested github.io pages <br>

## Version 2
2.0: added github OAuth to see if I could <br>
2.0.1: added a sign in (still seeing what I could do with it) and bug fixes <br>
2.1: Added cloudflare captcha as a load captcha to make sure the people loading onto the site are real people <br>
2.1.1 through 2.1.4: bug and minor style fixes <br>
2.2: Added animations to the about me section that the animations where broken for a while (I used AI to fix and clean up my code because out of the life of me I couldnt figure out animations in media states chatgpt.com)<br>
2.2.1: Line breaks in the readme.md file <br>
2.2.2: animations worked in localhost but not in the deployed site so this update is a bug fix <br>
2.2.3: the last update had an unnecessary changed it turned out my browser had cached data I thought my code was broken and I made a change of duplicate cloudflare captcha <br>  
2.2.4: minor verbage change. <br>
2.3: minor css change and I moved the account button to the nav bar and moved the captcha to the bottom. <br>
2.3.1: Fixed: the allignment with nav bar on mobile <br> Known bugs: when resizing the window the nav bar text is jittery <br>
2.3.2: tested device iphone 15 displayed another css bug with nav bar that hopefully this fixes
2.3.3: fixed the css but the known issue from 2.3.1 still remains.
## Version 3
3.0: Overhaul on nav bar and footer. Added my own website as a project. Known issues: allignment issues with the nav bar and text overlay issue for desktop users after scrolling the about me section. Still working on: trying to build a sysyem around the account feature and fixing the bugs.

Commit message:

license and copyright update (may not be final product)

README.md, after:

# Copyrights and Lisences

## Copyrights:
© 2025 Andrew Nashed. All rights reserved.

## License

You may not use, copy, modify, merge, publish, sublicense, distribute, or create derivative works of this code for any purpose, 
commercial or personal, without explicit written permission from the author.

# Documentation

## Version 1
1.1: Because of lack of documentation during my progress this will be the initial launch <br>
1.2: I restructured the website to how I wanted to have the elements in <br>
1.2.1: fixed nav bar <br>
1.2.2: fixed title <br>
1.2.3: shrunk images to optimize for mobile users <br>
1.2.4: Made minor changes to the code <br>
1.3: changes to the header ad footer <br>
1.4: Added a recapcha to the forms <br>
1.4.1 through 1.4.10: recaptcha bug fix <br>
1.5: tested the idea of form uploads <br>
1.6: added meta data for seo <br>
1.7: removed file upload and updated hyper links <br>
1.7.1: updated more hyperlinks <br>
1.8: tweaked the style a bit <br>
1.9: Creation of the readme.md file (so some detales may be screwed up) <br>
1.10: added a project <br>
1.11: tested code <br>
1.12: tested github.io pages <br>

## Version 2
2.0: added github OAuth to see if I could <br>
2.0.1: added a sign in (still seeing what I could do with it) and bug fixes <br>
2.1: Added cloudflare captcha as a load captcha to make sure the people loading onto the site are real people <br>
2.1.1 through 2.1.4: bug and minor style fixes <br>
2.2: Added animations to the about me section that the animations where broken for a while (I used AI to fix and clean up my code because out of the life of me I couldnt figure out animations in media states chatgpt.com)<br>
2.2.1: Line breaks in the readme.md file <br>
2.2.2: animations worked in localhost but not in the deployed site so this update is a bug fix <br>
2.2.3: the last update had an unnecessary changed it turned out my browser had cached data I thought my code was broken and I made a change of duplicate cloudflare captcha <br>  
2.2.4: minor verbage change. <br>
2.3: minor css change and I moved the account button to the nav bar and moved the captcha to the bottom. <br>
2.3.1: Fixed: the allignment with nav bar on mobile <br> Known bugs: when resizing the window the nav bar text is jittery <br>
2.3.2: tested device iphone 15 displayed another css bug with nav bar that hopefully this fixes
2.3.3: fixed the css but the known issue from 2.3.1 still remains.
## Version 3
3.0: Overhaul on nav bar and footer. Added my own website as a project. Known issues: allignment issues with the nav bar and text overlay issue for desktop users after scrolling the about me section. Still working on: trying to build a sysyem around the account feature and fixing the bugs.
